---
workplace: GROW
position: Intern Backend Engineer
thumbnail-lm: /images/uploads/grow-logo-light.png
thumbnail-dm: /images/uploads/grow-logo-dark.png
end-date: Current
thumbnail_lm: /images/uploads/grow-logo-light.png
start-date: 'November 20, 2019'
thumbnail_dm: /images/uploads/grow-logo-dark.png
---
#### Summary:

GROW is a FinTech startup working to build TINA - an administration platform for the Australian Superannuation market. Worked as part of a large team of both front end and back end engineers in an agile manner to deliver features over 2 week long sprints.

#### Relevant Tech Stack:

* Kotlin/JVM
* Spring Boot
* R3 Corda
* NodeJS
* PostgreSQL
* Atlassian Suite
* Git

#### Key Achievements:

* Adviser portal:

  * One of 3 engineers on 'feature team' to build the Adivser Portal for a client demo.
  * Fixed existing functionality and extended the platform to work with the Front end requirements.
  * Investigated and documented involved functionality.
  * Wrote integration tests. Communicated effectively with Product team and testers to clarify issues and squash bugs quickly.
* Audit Log / Insurance:

  * Investigated the best approach/solutions for extending functionality between two integrated services.
  * Worked effectively as a team member, communicating to solve bugs and issues.
  * Studied existing codebase for superannuation insurance in preparation for refactor and uplift.

* Hackathon:

  * Company wide 1.5 day hackathon, each team had to come up with a new POC feature or idea GROW could use to innovate further.
  * Part of the winning team with the idea `The Gift Of Super`.
* Kong POC:

  * Was asked by manager to investigate [Kong](https://konghq.com/kong/ "Kong Website"); an API Gateway tool, to see if it was suitable to replace an internal service.
  * Produced a working POC in 1.5 weeks.
  * Setup OAuth 2.0
  * Begun investigation into ELK stack integration.